Right.
Sister, think about it, you have become Mr. Xu's woman
You can eat and drink spicy food
It can help our family return to the Ye family
It's better than you guarding that
Maybe when
The man who disappeared again is stronger
Han Xin's parents are all for your own good
Am I going to hurt you?
Really grand-sounding
You're just trying to take advantage of the stars
You shut up
How can you interrupt when we talk as a family?
From the moment I came back
My woman and my children are my business
You want to force my woman to be someone else's woman
Can't I ask yet?
Yo Yo Yo Longjing Tian
Mr. Xu's luxury car and mansion say you can buy it if you buy it.
You can't afford shit
What do you compare to others?
Ye Fanxing, you must come home with us
After recovering from the illness, I went to see Mr. Xu
Go home and see who dares to move
Fang Xin will not be with you.
I will take my wife and children with me
Fangxin, trust me.
I will take good care of your daughter.